So once you've got a prioritized list,
you'll look at the first,
I don't know, small number,
three to six side.
And what we're gonna do is
at that top three to six,
we're only gonna prioritize one.
We're only gonna look at, we're gonna
build our initial app around one,
now, this might this
freaks people out a lot.
The idea that we're gonna focus
on such a small niche, and
one that maybe isn't sustainable for
the long term, and they really don't
wanna do it, and everything about
them pushes back against this.
But as I I touched on earlier,
with the pebble example that I gave,
you're gonna have a far greater
impact within the constraints of your
limited time and budget if you concentrate
your marketing efforts on a small area.
If you go too broad,
it'll come back to bite you.
We can always add other audiences
later and expand out from it.
And also,
it's gonna lower your costs as well.
If you go for a small niche,
you will increase your word of mouth and
you will lower any ad costs that
you eventually have to do because
you're going for long tail keywords.
So your overall marketing
expenses will be much lower.
And everybody freaks out and goes, turning
away customers, and I totally get that.
I even suffer from this as
an agency owner, right?
Because I will tend to
target one sector at a time.
And it's like, but I don't wanna turn
away somebody from another sector.
And I don't, I'm not saying that, right?
So your website for
this app can still be fairly generic.
So anyway, I wanted to move on to
the subject of how to actually pick that
initial audience you're going after,
cuz we shortlisted it, and we got a load
of information on them, and we've
prioritized them and all the rest of them.
It doesn't necessarily mean you should
go with the one at the top of the list,
because, yeah, sure potential does matter,
which audience you consider to have
the most potential is an important
reason to pick a particular group
of people to target initially.
However, there are other considerations.
Your experience matters as well.
Are there particular audiences that
you've gotten inside a knowledge of?
Or experience of working alongside,
that's a big,
big bonus if you really
know your audience well.
But also passion, and
this goes back to Mark and
his abandoning landlords, or
retailers, or whoever it was.
If you don't care,
if you don't like the audience,
if you don't wanna be working with them,
don't work with them,
you're gonna run out of steam
real quick if you do that.
And the final area I
consider is community,
which audience is the most
vibrant community?
Community makes a big difference because
it's easier to learn about the sector and
their innate needs if they're
all talking to one another and
already interacting with one another.
Also, you're more likely to get
word of mouth recommendation.
And your marketing efforts are gonna
go further if there's a community and
also to be honest communities have fun.
You know that they're normally good places
to get involved and meet people, I mean,
you think about the development community.
It's great meeting other developers,
and it's an enjoyable experience.
So I would spend a bit of time researching
the community that your audience is in,
the one that looks,
is the one that you wanna pick, right?
So you've kind of decided,
based on those other criteria,
that you're gonna start
with this audience.
But do a little bit of research into the
community that surrounds your audience,
who are the influencers?
Who are the individuals who engage and
nurture and promote the community?
Because hopefully we'll be able
to engage with those people and
encourage them to promote
our product along the way.
What blogs are in the community?
Where do people go to learn, and read, and
become more knowledgeable within
that community of people?
Because again,
you could maybe contribute to that with
topics that are related to your product.
What groups exist within that community?
Are there mailing lists or forums?
Are they all hanging out on a subreddit,
all on Facebook groups?
Where are they and
how are they interacting with one another?
And what events are going on
Crochet International Law or
Toothpick Convention Worldwide or
there's always these weird and
wonderful different kind of group
meetings where people come together.
And these are, if you find yourself,
you've got an audience which
has got a vibrant community,
your job is gonna be a lot easier,
that's all I'm saying, right?
So pick an audience, right?
Using all the advice that I've given you,
remember,
you're not committing to
this audience forever.
Remember, you're not turning away
people outside of this audience,
you're just using it.
You just wanna see whether
there's viability for
your product with that
particular audience.
And if there's not, you can either go,
well, this product isn't working or you
can try a different audience, and rinse,
and repeat, you need to start somewhere.